# -My-Hill-To-Die-ON-
The home of the file for this image
This image almost didn’t get created. Even though I have nothing but the best intentions at heart I was so afraid of offending someone, but just because someone is offended, doesn’t make them in the right. Right? Well, this image may not make me in the right either, but Im not doing my job as an artist if I don’t offend a few people in the process. Am-I-right?! This image represents not only the way I have been made to feel (metaphorically crucified for similar reasons as Christ was) but also the feels that so many women have, and are feeling. “They know not what they do.” Kept repeating in my head as I created this image. Just like my other images this one is rich in symbolism. First the obvious one- The raw, exhausted, possibly dead, definitely exhausted from carrying that heavy cross, naked, female on the cross. No shroud. Just letting it all hang out. A woman’s body is beautiful, and scared. Why hide it? For this image the wound is on her left, feminine side, instead of her right masculine side. The crown of thorns are from a Hawthorn tree. Hawthorn is my Priestess name. I am a pagan priestess living in The South- need I say more about what that probably feels like at times? Now, notice the apples on the bottom? One of them is cut in half to expose its star. The star represents Goddess, our forgotten Mother. It also represents the 5 point pentacle- earth, wind, fire, water, spirit. Some also say it represents temptation {insert eye roll}. Next to them is Belladonna. She is looking up at the subject inquisitively. She represents a darker, but still very real, and necessary, side of femininity. Lastly is the actual location of the image used in the foreground. That is Weary All Hill in Glastonbury. This hill is where legend has it that Joseph of Arimethea came here and planted his staff (a hawthorn tree) after Jesus’s crucifixion. I can make an entire blog post about why I chose this for the foreground but I won’t. Please look up the legend of Weary All Hill yourself though! You will be seeing more of this type of thing from me going forward. I’m done living scared. I have nothing but love in my heart to share. If that’s not what you see reflected in this image, that is a reflection of you, not me. I create for me, but I share it for you.
